# TMdB Data Scraper
> Description: a program that allows to generate lists of movies from TMdB (or load from a JSON file) and do operations with them.
### Capabilities
- Compare **user rating** against **TMdB rating**.
- Compare **budget** against **TMdB rating**. 
- Get distribution of **directors** across list of movies.
- Get distribution of **actors** appearances across list of movies. 
- Compare **TMdD rating** against **movie profit**. 
- Order movies from oldest to newest. 
- Compare **runtime** against **age of the movie**.
- Get distribution of movies by **year**.
### Usage
1. Replace the text in directory.txt with wherever the plot images will be saved in the computer.
2. Run project_cli.py or project_gui.py
3. Follow commands to display data (see _Capabilities_ section)
## Important notes
- **_Plot user rating against TMdB rating_** only works when list is generated with **_Get rated movies from TMdB account (R)_**, or when a json file generated by this command is opened. And because the way the API works, this only works with the movies I have rated from my own TMdB account.
- Some movies appear as without a budget or box office in the API responses, so they are generally excluded from plots and calculations. However, the following data visualization options do include them:
  - Graph distribution of directors.
  - Graph distribution of actors.
  - Order movies from oldest to newest.
  - Plot runtime against age of the movie.
  - Graph distribution of movies by year.
- If using the GUI, actor and director distribution graphs will take the threshold to be whichever one results in a list of less than 50 actors or directors.
- There is currently no way to specify the TMdB list id if trying to fetch it from the GUI, so a default to a list I created was added.

## UML Diagram
[Pdf Version.](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1p0Ly5Nz1JC_xhv3tuQiNSURZ3Av5xMWR/view?usp=sharing)

## Schedule
[Google Docs link.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kJ9_Vwjpg6SDO5Ix51ItRFvP8XSEiQQdQmfvuvu7yRQ/edit?usp=sharing)